Semantic Bit Updates

This Python integration package implements Semantic Bit Theory. This package encodes and decodes JSON graph data from English text.

The encode process flow goes:
   1. Input text as a file or text block. 
   2. Encode text
      a. For each word in a sentence, decide is it a "Point" or a "Line" type of word? The "Line" words are verbs or verb form words. All other words may be assumed to be a "Point" or Noun type of word. For example in the sentence, "The cat is sitting on the matt.", this would be encoded as, {"point1":"The cat","line1":"is sitting on", "point2": "the matt"}
   3. Output the JSON as a file

The decode process flow goes:
   1. Input SB encoded JSON
   2. Decode JSON as a "dot" graph description language file

Create a console app to test this.

In a future version we want to make "Line" entities able to execute named functions or events.

For now create an analysis and implementation document in the "docs" folder for our review.

NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW
STUFF TO DO!!!!

+ Preserve the original text and punctuation within the sentence segments. This will allow the return of the complete text within a consuming application.

+ Add a validation method to test content can be fully JSON encoded and be below the character limit. If this validation passes, then the SB processing should always return valid SB JSON. 

+ SB JSON is not required to always be triples in a Point, Line, Point pattern. A whole sentence can be a single concept Point, or a single Line. 

+ if a sentence type is ambiguous or cannot be determined, it is a Point.

+ if "a", "an", or "the" precedes a word then that is a noun or Point clause

+ a sentence can begin with a Line like "What is" in the sentence, "What is a cactus?"

+ add a method to map named assets to Points in the SB JSON. A named asset consists of a URL and a label. Add SB JSON mappings to all Points with content that matches the name.

+ add a method to map named functions to Lines in the SB JSON. A named function consists of a valid(no spaces) function name and a description. Add SB JSON mappings to all Lines with content that matches the name.
